src/elements/container/container/readme.md, before:

The `sbb-container` is a component that displays its content with the default page spacing. It also supports the slotting of a `sbb-sticky-bar`.

```html
<sbb-container>
  <!-- Any other kind of content. -->
  ...

  <!-- Sticky bar should go last. -->
  <sbb-sticky-bar> ... </sbb-sticky-bar>
</sbb-container>
```

## Slots

The `sbb-container` content is provided via an unnamed slot.

The `image` slot can be used to place a background image. If you need to control the object position,
use CSS object-position for slotted `img`, or `--sbb-image-object-position` variable for slotted `sbb-image`.
If an image is present, the container receives a pre-defined padding.
It's possible to override the padding by using the CSS variable `--sbb-container-padding`.

Optionally, you can add an overlapping `sbb-chip-label` by wrapping the `sbb-image` in a `figure` tag (see [sbb-image doc](/docs/elements-sbb-image--docs#utility%classes)).

```html
<sbb-container>
  <figure class="sbb-figure" slot="image">
    <sbb-image
      image-src="https://cdn.img.sbb.ch/content/dam/internet/externe-assets/lyne/Bahnhof-Luzern.jpg"
      alt="Station of Lucerne from outside"
    ></sbb-image>
    <sbb-chip-label class="sbb-figure-overlap-start-start">...</sbb-chip-label>
  </figure>
  ...
</sbb-container>
```

## Style

By default `sbb-container` uses the `page spacing` defined in the [layout documentation](/docs/styles-layout--docs).
Optionally the user can use the `expanded` property (default: `false`) to switch to the `page spacing expanded` layout.
Spacing options are applied to all the container's content, including the `sbb-sticky-bar`.

The component has also five color variants that can be set using the `color` property (default: `white`).
In `midnight` and `charcoal` variants, the slotted content text color and the focus outline color change to white,
but it's up to the consumer to correctly set the `negative` property on slotted Lyne components, if needed.

```html
<sbb-container expanded variant="milk"> ... </sbb-container>

<sbb-container variant="midnight">
  <sbb-title negative>Title</sbb-title>
  <p>Text</p>
</sbb-container>
```

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->

## Properties

| Name                 | Attribute             | Privacy | Type                                                             | Default   | Description                                                                     |
| -------------------- | --------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `backgroundExpanded` | `background-expanded` | public  | `boolean`                                                        | `false`   | Whether the background color is shown on full container width on large screens. |
| `color`              | `color`               | public  | `'transparent' \| 'white' \| 'milk' \| 'midnight' \| 'charcoal'` | `'white'` | Color of the container, like transparent, white etc.                            |
| `expanded`           | `expanded`            | public  | `boolean`                                                        | `false`   | Whether the container is expanded.                                              |

## Slots

| Name         | Description                                                |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
|              | Use the unnamed slot to add anything to the container.     |
| `image`      | The slot used to slot an `sbb-image` to use as background. |
| `sticky-bar` | The slot used by the sbb-sticky-bar component.             |

Commit message:

docs: add public var `--sbb-page-spacing-padding` entry

src/elements/container/container/readme.md, after:

The `sbb-container` is a component that displays its content with the default page spacing. It also supports the slotting of a `sbb-sticky-bar`.

```html
<sbb-container>
  <!-- Any other kind of content. -->
  ...

  <!-- Sticky bar should go last. -->
  <sbb-sticky-bar> ... </sbb-sticky-bar>
</sbb-container>
```

## Slots

The `sbb-container` content is provided via an unnamed slot.

The `image` slot can be used to place a background image. If you need to control the object position,
use CSS object-position for slotted `img`, or `--sbb-image-object-position` variable for slotted `sbb-image`.
If an image is present, the container receives a pre-defined padding.
It's possible to override the padding by using the CSS variable `--sbb-container-padding`.

Optionally, you can add an overlapping `sbb-chip-label` by wrapping the `sbb-image` in a `figure` tag (see [sbb-image doc](/docs/elements-sbb-image--docs#utility%classes)).

```html
<sbb-container>
  <figure class="sbb-figure" slot="image">
    <sbb-image
      image-src="https://cdn.img.sbb.ch/content/dam/internet/externe-assets/lyne/Bahnhof-Luzern.jpg"
      alt="Station of Lucerne from outside"
    ></sbb-image>
    <sbb-chip-label class="sbb-figure-overlap-start-start">...</sbb-chip-label>
  </figure>
  ...
</sbb-container>
```

## Style

By default `sbb-container` uses the `page spacing` defined in the [layout documentation](/docs/styles-layout--docs).
Optionally the user can use the `expanded` property (default: `false`) to switch to the `page spacing expanded` layout.
Spacing options are applied to all the container's content, including the `sbb-sticky-bar`.

The component has also five color variants that can be set using the `color` property (default: `white`).
In `midnight` and `charcoal` variants, the slotted content text color and the focus outline color change to white,
but it's up to the consumer to correctly set the `negative` property on slotted Lyne components, if needed.

```html
<sbb-container expanded variant="milk"> ... </sbb-container>

<sbb-container variant="midnight">
  <sbb-title negative>Title</sbb-title>
  <p>Text</p>
</sbb-container>
```

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->

## Properties

| Name                 | Attribute             | Privacy | Type                                                             | Default   | Description                                                                     |
| -------------------- | --------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `backgroundExpanded` | `background-expanded` | public  | `boolean`                                                        | `false`   | Whether the background color is shown on full container width on large screens. |
| `color`              | `color`               | public  | `'transparent' \| 'white' \| 'milk' \| 'midnight' \| 'charcoal'` | `'white'` | Color of the container, like transparent, white etc.                            |
| `expanded`           | `expanded`            | public  | `boolean`                                                        | `false`   | Whether the container is expanded.                                              |

## CSS Properties

| Name                         | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ---------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--sbb-page-spacing-padding` |         | Use this variable to override the page spacing, which should only be needed in very rare cases. Overriding this variable unsets the main behavior of the container, which is to use the default page spacing. |

## Slots

| Name         | Description                                                |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
|              | Use the unnamed slot to add anything to the container.     |
| `image`      | The slot used to slot an `sbb-image` to use as background. |
| `sticky-bar` | The slot used by the sbb-sticky-bar component.             |
